FOTA sample documentation in nRF52 Series user guide (#7508)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf52.rst

      .. note::
         There is currently no support for the FOTA process in nRF Connect for Desktop.

FOTA upgrade sample
===================

The :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` demonstrates how to set up your project to support FOTA upgrades.

The sample documentation is derived from the Zephyr project and is incompatible with the :ref:`ug_multi_image`.

> When working in the nRF Connect SDK environment, you can ignore the part of the sample documentation which describes the building and image flashing steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working in the |NCS| environment, you can ignore the part of the sample documentation that describes the building and programming steps.
```

> Due to the :ref:`ug_multi_image` feature, you can build and flash the :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` as any other sample using the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the :ref:`ug_multi_image` feature, you can build and program the :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` as any other sample using the following commands:
```

> .. code-block:: console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight
```

    west build -b *build_target* -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-bt.conf
    west flash

> Please remember to indicate the :file:`overlay-bt.conf` overlay configuration for the Bluetooth transport like in the command example above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to indicate the :file:`overlay-bt.conf` overlay configuration for the Bluetooth transport like in the command example.
```

This configuration was carefully selected to achieve the maximum possible throughput of the FOTA upgrade transport over Bluetooth with the help of the following features:

- Bluetooth MTU: to increase the packet size of a single Bluetooth packet transmitted over the air (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_ACL_RX_SIZE` and others).

> - Bluetooth Connection Parameters: to change the connection interval and latency when the SMP service is being used (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_SMP_BT_CONN_PARAM_CONTROL`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bluetooth connection parameters: to change the connection interval and latency when using the SMP service (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_SMP_BT_CONN_PARAM_CONTROL`).
```

Author: Please check it again. I would like to rephrase because I realized that my old phrasing did not convey my message good enough.

> - MCUmgr Packet Reassembly: to exchange large SMP packets (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_SMP_REASSEMBLY_BT`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_BUF_SIZE` and others).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MCUmgr packet reassembly: to exchange large SMP packets (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_SMP_REASSEMBLY_BT`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_BUF_SIZE` and others).
```

Author: Rephrased this line as well

> You should consider using these features in your project to speed up the FOTA upgrade process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using these features in your project to speed up the FOTA upgrade process.
```

      .. note::
         There is currently no support for the FOTA process in nRF Connect for Desktop.

FOTA upgrade sample
===================

The :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` demonstrates how to set up your project to support FOTA upgrades.

> The sample documentation is derived from the Zephyr project and is incompatible with the :ref:`ug_multi_image`.

Author: fixed

> The sample documentation is derived from the Zephyr project and is incompatible with the :ref:`ug_multi_image`.

Author: fixed (duplicate)

When working in the |NCS| environment, you can ignore the part of the sample documentation that describes the building and programming steps.

> Due to the :ref:`ug_multi_image` feature, you can build and program the :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` as any other sample using the following commands:

Author: fixed
